Fix worksheet title length enforcement (#70)
caxlsx/caxlsx: CHANGELOG.md

- **Unreleased**
  - [PR #56](https://github.com/caxlsx/caxlsx/pull/56) - Add `zip_command` option to `#serialize` for faster serialization of large Excel files by using a zip binary
  - [PR #54](https://github.com/caxlsx/caxlsx/pull/54) - Fix type detection for floats with out-of-rage exponents

>   - [I #67](https://github.com/caxlsx/caxlsx/issues/67) - Fix worksheet name length enforcement. Some unicode characters were counted longer than necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [I #67](https://github.com/caxlsx/caxlsx/issues/67) - Fix regression in worksheet name length enforcement: Some unicode characters were counted incorrectly, so that names that previously worked fine now stopped working. (This was introduced in 3.0.2)
```
